docs: adds TanStack Router Solid docs page (#15054)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/solid/features/tanstack-router.mdx

---
title: TanStack Router
description: "Learn about Sentry's TanStack Router integration."
---

> The TanStack Router integration is included in the `@sentry/solid` package and is compatible with version `1.64.0` of `@tanstack/solid-router` and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TanStack Router integration is included in the `@sentry/solid` package and is compatible with version `1.132.27` of `@tanstack/solid-router` and above.
```

description: "Learn about Sentry's TanStack Router integration."
---

The TanStack Router integration is included in the `@sentry/solid` package and is compatible with version `1.132.27` of `@tanstack/solid-router` and above.

<Alert title="Note">

The TanStack Router integration is designed to work with Sentry Tracing. Please see <PlatformLink to="/tracing/#enable-tracing">Getting Started with Solid Performance</PlatformLink> for more details on how to set up and install the SDK.

</Alert>

The TanStack Router instrumentation uses your TanStack Router routes to create `pageload` and `navigation` transactions to ensure you collect meaningful performance data about the health of your page loads and associated requests.

## Usage

To use the TanStack Router integration, pass the `Sentry.tanstackRouterBrowserTracingIntegration` inside your `integrations` option:

```javascript
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/solid";
import { createRouter } from "@tanstack/solid-router";

const router = createRouter({
  // Your router options...
});

declare module '@tanstack/solid-router' {
  interface Register {
    router: typeof router;
  }
}

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",

>   integrations: [Sentry.tanstackRouterBrowserTracingIntegration(router)],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  integrations: [tanstackRouterBrowserTracingIntegration(router)],
```
